Updated changes as per the Laura Pacilio comments (#31570)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/commands/destroy.mdx

For that reason, this command accepts most of the options that
[`terraform apply`](/cli/commands/apply) accepts, although it does
not accept a plan file argument and forces the selection of the "destroy"

> planning mode. This includes the -target option which lets you specify a subset of resources that Terraform should destroy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
planning mode. These options include the `-target` option which lets you specify a subset of resources that Terraform should destroy.
```

Just a slight suggested wording change from "This includes" to "These options include" to add clarity.
